FragmentBuilder -

    There is a challenge building the QueryPiece directly from paths
    
    How to identify if sub-types need to be outer joined for JDBC approach
    For a JPA approach, the JPA provider takes care of doing this from the narrowed type.
    
    
    TODO: Replaced call to narrowed type from the appropriate type by checking the sub-type graph.
    
 	Two advantages of using property paths:
 	1. Additional properties can be fetched (e.g., function attributes)
 	2. Custom queries can be formulated (e.g., higher performing custom SQL queries)
 	3. Control the order
 	
 	Advantages of using the type graph:
 	1. The subtypes can be easily inferred based on the type graph, whereas
 	    this has to be extrapolated from paths
 	  
 	    
 	The question is should information apart from the sub-types be retrieved. i.e., should
 	an OUTER JOIN be performed
 	The approach is the narrowed type should be used. So the answer is no.
 	
 	
 	For built-in types, we will use subtypes, so we can load/read the polymorphic object
 	so the enumeration logic will not follow inheritance edges
 	
 	In other words, inheritance doesn't work very well with query operations
 	
 	
 	
SELECT 	case t1.id is not null then TYPE1,
        case t2.id is not null then TYPE2
        t1.a from t1 left outer join t2
        
        
        
        Not sure if we should have a single query for loading a built-in view
        
        The current addNewFragment does not consider sub-types
        
        
        Because of these problems with the sub-type, reachability by navigation is
        used by most ORMs.
        
Enhancement
===========        
For built-in types for now:
1. makeFragments should add additional fragments (IntraQuery edges) for the subtypes.
Test how this should work on JPA, Hibernate with sub-types

Now the challenge is how are the sub-types identified?

2. Support order for select list through type graph. i.e., the enumeration of the type graph
   should be the same as the list of attributes in the view
   




